1. Roboceana and  workshop

2. Remote Control Boats

3. Research Expo

4. IDP

5. Standup comedy

6. Free Style Solo

7. Treasure Hunt

8. Splash

9. Kryptx

10. Gamedrome

11. Project X

12. Wavez Quiz

13. Open House

14. Daily Events

15. Lectures & Workshops

16. Marine Cleanup

17. Online T-Shirt Design

1. Roboceana:

 Roboceana is the flagship event of Wavez. The proficiency in handling circuits, motors and 

manoeuvring is anticipated out of the contestants. The participants’ bots are expected to resist 

the oncoming waves and stay afloat all through the event. The problem statement would be 

attention-grabbing with innovative and tough problems. The exciting face-off in a vast pool 

makes Roboceana, stands as a special attraction.

 A workshop for the same would also be conducted.

2. RC Boats:

Remote Controlled Boats, a spine-chilling event is another flagship event of Wavez. This is a stop 

for fun on water. First time ever, Wavez is conducting a racing competition. Participants use 

their creativity in modifying their boats according to the given problem statement. This is a 

promising crowd puller as it induces curiosity and thrill in audience.

3. Research Expo:

Expo provides both graduate and undergraduates with the opportunity to share their research 

with a larger audience. This event showcases the work and research done by our scholars in 

various fields of Naval Architecture & Ocean Engineering.

4. IDP:

This is a platform where participants comprehend a realistic industrial problem. A technical 

problem encountered by a company from the diverse areas of Design, Building and Repair is to 

be solved. The most practical and cost-effective solution is a key for this event. The solutions are 

judged by esteemed of our department. 

5. Standup comedy:

This is yet another fantastic event that is being organized for the first time in the history of 

Wavez. It is where the audience would be provided an enthralling experience by the comedian, 

performing live. The event would positively stand out as one of the significant highlights of fest.

6. Freestyle Solo:

 It's a place where you find yourself and loose yourself at the same time. Whether it is 

contemporary or hip-hop we have it all. The audience witness an exciting dance battle where the 

participants go neck to neck to come on top. The participation is immense, not only from IIT 

Madras but also from colleges in and around Chennai.

 

7. Treasure Hunt:

Treasure Hunt is an exciting event that brings out the Sherlock in the participants. Secret spots 

with hidden clues boost up their energy and enthusiasm to discover them. They come in teams 

and hunt for the mystery places all evening.

8. Splash:

 We believe that everyone has an artist within & what better a platform to prove it than at 

Wavez? Splash, a painting competition organised by Wavez is known to let your creativity run 

berserk. We witness a large and diverse footfall of participants owing to no age 

boundaries. Splash also attracts a huge audience making it a major cultural event of Wavez.

9. Kryptx:

We need a tool to publicize something. So, here is our tool, an online quizzing event called 

Kryptx. Codes and puzzles are put up on Wavez Facebook page for the participants to crack them 

and win cash prize. Being an online event, people can participate from anywhere in Chennai.

10. Gamedrome:

For all the gamers out there, we conduct this breathtaking event called Gamedrome.  
11. Project X:

      Project X is a challenging event in which participants experience the thrill of creating something 

out of nothing. They make real life entity in small scale with basic materials like ice cream sticks, 

straws, glue, thread etc. This event is definitely a crowd puller because of its simplicity.

12. Wavez Quiz:

 Wavez Quiz is one of the most anticipated events. People come not only from IIT madras but also 

from different colleges in and around Chennai and participate in this event. It is a great 

opportunity for quizzing enthusiasts. Participants shoot their answers and compete with raging 

speed. 

13. Open House:

Open house is all about providing invaluable exposure to school students about our field and the 

ongoing works in the diversified field of Naval Architecture. This helps in developing interest and 

passion for our department. All new developments done by the faculty and the exciting stuff we 

do in the department will be exhibited.

14. Daily Events:

Daily events is a collection of puzzles, crosswords and other brain teasers that keep the 

attendees engrossed throughout their presence at the festival. Everyone at the fest is seen 

racking their brains over these little pieces of intriguing puzzles having their bit of enjoyment.

15. Lectures & Workshops:

Class room lectures are usually boring, but lectures are never the same. Wavez presents you 

lectures by innovators and successful engineers from the field of Naval Architecture and Ocean 

engineering.

         Ocean Engineering has a diverse range of software for Design, Construction and Hydrodynamics 

of ships. Workshops have always been a tool for the participants to get an insight into them.

16. Marine Cleanup:

This is an act by Wavez for a noble cause. By carrying out a marine cleanup on foot you can stop 

litter travelling out to sea as well as making the beach a nicer place for everyone to safely enjoy. 

About 100 people from Ocean Engineering Department remove litter on the Shore line of 

Chennai Beach.

17. Online T-Shirt Design:

Online T-shirt Design is a publicity event where the participants are given the task of designing 

the shirts for Wavez. The creativity of the participants is put to test and the best design is 

selected to represent Wavez.